\input texinfo @c eicq.texi   -*-TeXinfo-*-
@c $Id$
@c Copyright (C) 2000, 2001, Steve Youngs
@c Last-Modified: <2003-9-19 12:05:20 (steve)>
@c %**start of header
@setfilename eicq.info
@settitle A Mirabilis ICQ clone for XEmacs
@finalout
@setchapternewpage odd
@c %**end of header
@set EDITION 1.1
@set VERSION 0.5.9
@set UPDATED Sep 19, 2003

@dircategory Lisp
@direntry
* Eicq: (eicq).              A Mirabilis ICQ clone for XEmacs.
@end direntry

@ifinfo
This manual documents Eicq, a Mirabilis ICQ clone for XEmacs.
It corresponds to Eicq version @value{VERSION}.  

The manual was last updated @value{UPDATED}.
@end ifinfo

@titlepage
@title Eicq
@subtitle Yet another ICQ clone
@subtitle Edition @value{EDITION}, for Eicq Version @value{VERSION}
@author by Steve Youngs

@end titlepage
Copyright @copyright{} 2000,01,02,03  Steve Youngs.

@contents

@node Top, Overview, (dir), (dir)

@ifinfo 
This manual documents Eicq, a Mirabilis ICQ client for XEmacs.
It corresponds to Eicq version @value{VERSION}.  

The manual was last updated @value{UPDATED}.
@end ifinfo

This manual is far from finished.  Actually, it hasn't even been started
yet.  At this stage you would be better off looking at the source .el
files to answer your questions.  You are very welcome to direct any
questions to either @email{eicq-users@@lists.sf.net, the Eicq Users
mailing list} or to me at @email{youngs@@xemacs.org, Steve Youngs}.


@menu
* Overview::                    A brief introduction.
* Concept Index::               Go here to find what you're after.
@end menu


@node Overview, Concept Index, Top, Top
@chapter Overview
@cindex overview
Eicq is a Mirabilis ICQ clone, written mainly in elisp.  It @emph{only}
runs in XEmacs.  So all of you die hard GNU/Emacs users, you'll just
have to install that other breed of emacsen.  You never know, you
might even like it.  Of course this is GPL software, so you are quite
welcome to port it.

Now you have one more reason to @emph{not} leave XEmacs.

@node Concept Index,  , Overview, Top
@unnumbered Concept Index
     
@printindex cp
     
@contents

@bye

@c Local Variables:
@c time-stamp-start: "Last-Modified:[   ]+\\\\?[\"<]+"
@c time-stamp-end: "\\\\?[\">]"
@c time-stamp-line-limit: 10
@c time-stamp-format: "%4y-%m-%d %02H:%02M:%02S (%u)"
@c End: 
